v0.19.0
=======
This minor update brings in a number of repository updates, deprecates python
3.6 support, and deprecates the `__new__` override in the `Pluggable` mixin
interface to make it easier to use under real-world conditions.

Most repository updates have revolved around stream lining the mechanics going
into creating and publishing releases.

The override of `__new__` provided functionality that, from experience and
observation, was never actually made use of or added any actual security to
anything. This feature came at the cost of interrupting some downstream tools
(e.g. in ipython when inspecting a class with the ?-suffix) and adding
complexity in how Pluggable needed to be used in defining interfaces (multiple
inheritance and mixin UX). With the feature not being used, these costs don't
make any sense any more. Thus, this override was removed for simplicity. Now,
"not usable" implementations may be manually constructed if the user really
desires to, under the presumption that manual construction implies manual
consent. The `is_usable()` class method of course still exists and super-logic
may continue to make use of it in relation to use-prevention or use-warning
logic.

Updates / New Features
----------------------

CI

* Reverted previous release automation due to unintended side-effects.
  Created a revised publish action to more simply publish the package to pypi,
  guarding against activating on forks of the repository.
  This workflow has been made to be reusable by other repositories' workflows.

* Modified CI unittests workflow to run for PRs targeting branches that match
  the `release*` glob.

* Added additional step in unittest workflow to install optional package
  requirements.

* Reduced CodeCov report submission by skipping this step on scheduled runs.

* Update code-cov action usage to use v3.

Contribution Guide

* Added instructions to update pending release when making a contribution.

Dependencies

* Updated minimum required python version to 3.7 to follow python end of life.

* Updated development abstract dep versions to "*" since we do not currently
  require any specific versions.

Documentation

* Updated release instructions to be clear on where to push created release
  branches. This now includes instructions related to a ``release`` branch.

* Expanded top-level contributing document with more details.

Plugin

* Added a suggestion to fix `NotAModuleError`.

* Removed __new__ override to prevent construction of "not usable"
  implementations. This feature has never been observed/utilized in the wild
  and it's removal simplifies tool interactions and use complexity.

Miscellaneous

* Removed CODE_OF_CONDUCT file. This is not something that we can enforce
  at this time so it will be removed.

* Added SMQTK-Descriptors to the ``README.md`` package list and graphic.

* Added script to help with updating versioning and updating changelog during
  the release process.

* Updated README to include reference to the SMQTK-IQR package.

* Periodic update of pinned dependency versions in lock file.

* Added missing assert failure message to configuration test helper.

* Added properties file for use with SonarQube and SonarCloud.

Fixes
-----
